README.md, before:


<a href="https://www.apirtc.com"><img src="https://apirtc.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/09/ApiRTC_relook_branding_v01.png" width="260"></a>


# ApiRTC
This repository contains samples for the usage of ApiRTC to integrate real-time communication in Web applications.
ApiRTC is a WebRTC PaaS (Platform as a Service) that simplifies developers access to WebRTC technology.
Use our API to add real-time multimedia interactions to your websites & mobile apps with a few lines of code.
Check our apiRTC Web site for more informations : http://www.apirtc.com/

## ApiRTC Js Sample
This repository provides samples about ApiRTC Js usage.

## Browsers compatibility
Browsers compatibility description is available on our [developer center](https://dev.apirtc.com/compatibility/index)

## Contributions
Contributions and bugfixes are welcomed.

## Demos description
### Conversation
- **Conferencing** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/conferencing/conf)<br/>
Create a conversation to establish multi-party conference : audio, video.
- **Conferencing_ble** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/conferencing/conf_ble)<br/>
Exchange datas from a bluetooth device between users in a Conversation.
- **Conferencing_chat** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/conferencing/chat)<br/>
Exchange chat messages between all users in a Conversation.
- **Conferencing_QoSInfoDisplay** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/conferencing/conf_qos)<br/>
Learn how to add QoS Monitoring and active speaker detection on your video conference.
- **Conferencing_select_media** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/conferencing/conf_select)<br/>
Create a conversation to establish multi-party conference : audio, video and select your media devices.
- **Conferencing_whiteboard** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/conferencing/conf_whiteboard)<br/>
Create a conversation to establish multi-party Whiteboard. Share drawings, annotation with users.
- **Conferencing_Advanced Streams Publish-subscribe** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/conferencing/conf_advanced_pubsub)<br/>
ADVANCED - This demo exposes a video conference sample with the possibility to select streams you want to publish or subscribe.
You are also able to choose the type of stream you want to use : audio only, video only or audio & video.

### Peer to peer
- **Call** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/peertopeer/call)<br/>
Create an audio, video call with a remote party.
- **Chat** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/peertopeer/chat)<br/>
Exchange chat messages between two users.
- **File Transfer** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/peertopeer/sendFile)<br/>
Learn how to do a file transfer between two users.
- **Call with user acceptation / refuse** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/peertopeer/accept_refuse)<br/>
Establish a call with accept /refuse management from callee.

### Stream
- **Select Media** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/streams/select_media)<br/>
Select Media to user for the stream.
- **ScreenSharing** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/streams/screensharing)<br/>
Start a stream from screen.
- **Record** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/streams/record)<br/>
Learn how to locally record stream in a file.
- **Snapshot** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/streams/snapshot)<br/>
Learn how to create a snapshot image from a video stream.

### UserAgent
- **User creation and registration - user defined in an external database** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/useragent/externalregistration)<br/>
User Agent registration with external users management.
- **User creation and registration - user defined on Apizee Cloud** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/useragent/apizeeregistration)<br/>
User Agent registration with Apizee users management.

Commit message:

add publish video file sample

README.md, after:


<a href="https://www.apirtc.com"><img src="https://apirtc.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/09/ApiRTC_relook_branding_v01.png" width="260"></a>


# ApiRTC
This repository contains samples for the usage of ApiRTC to integrate real-time communication in Web applications.
ApiRTC is a WebRTC PaaS (Platform as a Service) that simplifies developers access to WebRTC technology.
Use our API to add real-time multimedia interactions to your websites & mobile apps with a few lines of code.
Check our apiRTC Web site for more informations : http://www.apirtc.com/

## ApiRTC Js Sample
This repository provides samples about ApiRTC Js usage.

## Browsers compatibility
Browsers compatibility description is available on our [developer center](https://dev.apirtc.com/compatibility/index)

## Contributions
Contributions and bugfixes are welcomed.

## Demos description
### Conversation
- **Conferencing** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/conferencing/conf)<br/>
Create a conversation to establish multi-party conference : audio, video.
- **Conferencing_ble** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/conferencing/conf_ble)<br/>
Exchange datas from a bluetooth device between users in a Conversation.
- **Conferencing_chat** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/conferencing/chat)<br/>
Exchange chat messages between all users in a Conversation.
- **Conferencing_QoSInfoDisplay** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/conferencing/conf_qos)<br/>
Learn how to add QoS Monitoring and active speaker detection on your video conference.
- **Conferencing_select_media** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/conferencing/conf_select)<br/>
Create a conversation to establish multi-party conference : audio, video and select your media devices.
- **Conferencing_whiteboard** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/conferencing/conf_whiteboard)<br/>
Create a conversation to establish multi-party Whiteboard. Share drawings, annotation with users.
- **Conferencing_Advanced Streams Publish-subscribe** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/conferencing/conf_advanced_pubsub)<br/>
ADVANCED - This demo exposes a video conference sample with the possibility to select streams you want to publish or subscribe.
You are also able to choose the type of stream you want to use : audio only, video only or audio & video.
- **Conferencing_video_file Video file Publish-subscribe** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/conferencing/conf_pub_video)<br/>
This demo exposes a video conference sample with the possibility to publish a video file.
You are also able to control the publishing of the video (pause / mute)

### Peer to peer
- **Call** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/peertopeer/call)<br/>
Create an audio, video call with a remote party.
- **Chat** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/peertopeer/chat)<br/>
Exchange chat messages between two users.
- **File Transfer** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/peertopeer/sendFile)<br/>
Learn how to do a file transfer between two users.
- **Call with user acceptation / refuse** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/peertopeer/accept_refuse)<br/>
Establish a call with accept /refuse management from callee.

### Stream
- **Select Media** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/streams/select_media)<br/>
Select Media to user for the stream.
- **ScreenSharing** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/streams/screensharing)<br/>
Start a stream from screen.
- **Record** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/streams/record)<br/>
Learn how to locally record stream in a file.
- **Snapshot** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/streams/snapshot)<br/>
Learn how to create a snapshot image from a video stream.

### UserAgent
- **User creation and registration - user defined in an external database** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/useragent/externalregistration)<br/>
User Agent registration with external users management.
- **User creation and registration - user defined on Apizee Cloud** -
[Access to demo](https://dev.apirtc.com/tutorials/useragent/apizeeregistration)<br/>
User Agent registration with Apizee users management.
